README.md: welcoming contributions (#32)
kinvolk/inspektor-gadget: README.md

[Read the detailed install instructions](Documentation/install.md)

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome!

> If you're looking where to start, you can look at the issues with the 'good first issue' label on [Inspektor Gadget](https://github.com/kinvolk/inspektor-gadget/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22) or [traceloop](https://github.com/kinvolk/traceloop/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22). Don't hesitate to [talk with us](https://github.com/kinvolk/inspektor-gadget#discussions) if you need further help.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're looking where to start, you can check the issues with the 'good first issue' label on [Inspektor Gadget](https://github.com/kinvolk/inspektor-gadget/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22) or [traceloop](https://github.com/kinvolk/traceloop/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22). Don't hesitate to [talk with us](https://github.com/kinvolk/inspektor-gadget#discussions) if you need further help.
```

Just a friendly pedantic nitpick about word repetition :slightly_smiling_face:
